so what we're making today is a crispy
baked Parmesan chicken with roasted
Brussels sprouts with some dried
cranberries and freshly grated Parmesan
cheese the whole recipe is about 300
calories including the side dish whereas
a major chain restaurant has chicken
parmesan for about 1100 calories because
usually when you make chicken parmesan
it's fried in oil and it's smothered
with fatty cheese and it's served with a
side of spaghetti whereas here we're
gonna make a crispy coating and bake it
with a light coating of flavorful cheese
just enough to make it still taste
decadent so one of the great things
about this meal is the whole thing can
be prepared to start to finish in 30
minutes or less so what we're gonna do
is we're gonna get our Brussels sprouts
roasting first and then we're gonna prep
the chicken and then everything will
come out at the same time hot and
delicious so the first thing we're gonna
do is I've some Brussels sprouts they're
just have here but if you have small
ones you don't even need to do that and
I'm gonna toss them with about a
tablespoon of extra virgin olive oil I
like to do with my hands because then
they can really get coated and then just
a little bit of kosher salt sprinkled on
there I'm gonna get these in the oven
so what I have are some thinly pounded
chicken breasts here you can use chicken
cutlets and I have whole wheat flour but
you can use whatever kind of flour you
like but you really won't notice a
difference if you use whole wheat and
you get the extra benefits of the whole
grain so we dip it in the flour first
and coat it and then dip it in some egg
get it nice and coated but then let that
extra egg drip off what I really like is
how crispy the coating gets almost like
a fried chicken or a fried egg fried
chicken parmesan and then we dip it in
panko which is a nice light crispy kind
of breadcrumbs you can even find
whole-wheat panko sometimes so if you
like those use those and we're gonna
bake these first so now I'm gonna get
these in the oven so they're gonna be
baking with with the Brussels sprout so
they're gonna bake for just about six
minutes at high heat I'm gonna take them
out and we'll finish the recipe so what
we're gonna do now is put on actually
I'm gonna put in a little bit of pesto
this is optional but we love the flavor
of pesto so I'm just gonna spread about
a teaspoon full of pesto on each breast
each chicken cutlet and then do about a
tablespoon of sauce this is a fresh
tomato sauce that I got at the farmers
market but whatever tomato sauce your
family likes and then we take some of
these fresh herbs I have chopped up
basil and sage here and again you can
use dried herbs but I really love the
flavor of these fresh garden herbs which
actually came out of my garden and some
of the cheese and this is part skim
mozzarella and Parmesan combined
together and you can see we have plenty
of cheese here so it's still gonna taste
rich and decadent I'm gonna put these
back in the oven for six to eight
minutes until it's all melted and the
chicken looks nice and browned and then
the Brussels sprouts will be ready at
the same time ready to go and so what
I'm gonna do
simplest thing I'm just gonna take these
naturally sweetened dried cranberries
sprinkle them on there and then I'm
gonna take a little bit of you can
either buy grated Parmesan cheese or
this is kind of fun also a fun thing for
kids to do if they're around just grate
a little bit like maybe a teaspoon then
I'm just gonna toss it all together a
little bit get the flavors in there
those are ready to go and so delicious
these Brussels sprouts turn my Brussels
sprouts the testing family into Brussels
sprouts lovers mmm it's actually better
than the Italian restaurant that you're
gonna take their family out to light
crispy delicious and still decadent
tasting